Fear of the dark is very common in childhood, but it can be exhausting for everyone involved. Whether your child is scared of monsters in the closet, ghostly shadows on the ceiling, or just finds a darkened bedroom spooky for no particular reason, it's a tough phase to ride out. So we surveyed our readers for some mom-approved tips and tricks for helping children overcome that pesky fear of the dark once and for all.
Tagged candid moments, couples kissing, holiday, kiss, kissing, love, midnight kiss, New Years Eve, people, public displays, romance. At the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve, it is a custom for couples to embrace and kiss in joyous celebration and to set the tone for the new year. On New Year's Eve "an optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves," stated Bill Vaughan. We wish you the magic of a midnight kiss, that crazy romantic kind of love where you are more lost in each other than where you are and who might be watching . . . Or who might be armed with a camera to catch the candid moments of expressing love and passion. If someone yells, "Get a room," you probably got more caught up in the public display of affection than you realized. But who cares? You only live once. Here's a candid collection of stolen kisses, romantic moments, and love quotes to live by. Happy New Year! Now get to kissing!
Maybe there is something in the air-- a lot of people around me have been struggling with relationship anxiety lately. One friend in particular is trying to recover from a fleeting lover who called it quits after just a few months. She's caught up in the stormy brain chemistry of rejection and loss—likely including significant drops in her dopamine and serotonin levels—and the resulting depression, anxiety, feelings of addiction and deprivation-- plus an overwhelming drive to recover what was lost in order to combat the real emotional pain of rejection. As she struggles to resist the temptation to stalk, plead, and generally make a needy fool of herself, we created a list of reminders to help her become more mindful of her emotions, reframe her urges, and set a new course. Her ultimate goal is to come through this ordeal in one piece and perhaps even emerge better and brighter. She agreed to share her list, in the hope of supporting others in the throes of rejection.
With anything so viscerally devastating, the Christian community has long tried to explain it. At the beginning of the written word, we see this tension: Job has suffered in ways incomprehensible leaving a wake of crushing confusion. God tells us it was Satan, Job tells us it was God, his friends tell Job it was him. The finger-pointing is instinctual, because what we have always wanted to know when tragedy strikes is WHY. To this end, the church has a history of formulizing suffering, giving it tidy origins and endings and whitewashing the horrid, debilitating middle. We've assessed the complicated nuances of universal sorrow and assigned it categories, roots, principles. Or in the face of uncertain causes, we recite cold theology: "Well, you know God is sovereign." In an attempt to understand the ordinary grief of human life, I fear we've reduced a complicated reality to an unmanageable burden; we've put a yoke of despair on people who mourn, assigning accolades to those who "suffer well" and, in ways overt and subtle, urging our brokenhearted to buck up. Then adding insult to injury, we fall into the trap of explaining suffering, as if any one of us could possibly understand its eternal scope.
Recommendation systems have spread like wildfire, in particular with online shopping websites such as Amazon. Nowadays, they are on the way to be deployed in many other contexts, such as social networks or culture. This assignment is the following of the exam: you’re asked to develop a new system for automatically recommending reading in an online bookstore.
From the outset, Rowling creates a great buzz about the protagonist of the story, Harry Potter, both for the other characters in the story and for us, the readers. She does not explain Harry’s importance but simply shows how his existence affects the world. Mr. Dursley, for example, encounters all sorts of unusual occurrences—a cat reading a map, people walking around in cloaks, the giddy mention of the departure of someone called You-Know-Who. These omens create a potent aura of mystery around Harry. Additionally, though we do not yet understand why Harry is special, we see that he is destined to play an important role. Rowling situates him in opposition to the powerful and feared Voldemort, and it becomes clear that these two figures will probably confront each other at some point in a climactic battle.